[Music]
we were both young when I first saw you
I closed my eyes and the flashback start
to standing
there on the balcony and summer air
see the light see the party the ball GS
see you make your way through the crowd
and say
[Applause]
hello little did I
know that you me oh you were throwing
pebbles and my daddy said stay away from
Juliet and I was crying on the staircase
begging you please don't
go and I said R me you take me somewhere
we can be alone I'll be waiting all
there have to do is run you'll be the
prince and I'll be the princess it's a
love story baby just say
yes so I sneak out to the Garden to see
you we keep quiet
cuz we're dead if they knew so close
your
eyes ESC this town for a little
while cuz you were Romeo I was a Scarlet
Letter and my daddy said stay away from
Juliet but you were everything to me I
was begging you please don't
[Applause]
go and I said R me your takey somewhere
we can be alone I'll be waiting all
there's left to do is run you'll be the
prince and I'll be the princess it's a
love story baby just say yes Romeo say
TR to tell me how to feel this love is
difficult but it's a real Don't Be
Afraid will make it out of this mess
it's the love story baby just say yes
[Music]
I got
away wondering if you were ever coming
around my faith in you was
fting when I met you on the outskirts of
down and I said will your safe me I've
been feeling so alone I keep waiting for
you but you never come it's this in my
head I don't know what to think he
nailed to the ground and pull out a ring
and said marry me Juliet you never have
to be alone I love you and that's all I
really know I talk to your dad go pick
out a white dress it's a love story baby
just
say
yes we were both young when I first saw
you